# Game, bonus module

Without an exam we have time for an optional bonus module. This module
aims to show:

- you can already do a lot with your current programming skills 
- programming is fun, especially when you are free to create what you want


## Assignment

Create your own graphical computer game. Do what you like, be
creative. Some examples are given in this Youtube video series to help
you get started, see the description for the Python sources: [Python
fun](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxMjZX1Mxf4&list=PLJBtJTYGPSzK9izjzMcBi5MAPl6ADrjNE)

## TKinter installation

The TKinter module often comes pre-installed with your Python
environment (make sure you use python version 3). Test if you have it
installed with:

```  python -m tkinter```

or for Anaconda install it using:

```  conda install -c anaconda tk```

or on Ubuntu use:

```  sudo apt install python3-tk```

for more install instructions see: [TKinter install guide](https://tkdocs.com/tutorial/install.html)

## Grading

This optional bonus module gives you bonus points on top of your
normal grade.

It is hard to give specification about the grading of such a open
ended assignment. We decided to go with two levels: "Nice game" for a
working moderately interesting game and "Spectacular game" for a game
that really has something extra, surprising, creative. A spectacular
game also has to scores well on the software quality criteria in the
"Style Guide" of this course.

- Nice game: **0.5** points added to your grade
- Spectacular game: **1.0** points added to your grade

I will be grading your game on Ubuntu 18.04 with Python 3.6.9 and
TKinter 8.6. In the case that your Python code is not cross-platform I
will put in some effort to make your code work on my platform but if
it takes me too long you will not get any points so try to write code
that isn't platform specific and better test it on Ubuntu.


## Submitting

Optionally create a short INSTALL.md to explain how to install any
Python modules or other software that is required to run your game.

Create a short README.md to explain how to start and play your game
just so that I don't miss anything.

Submit all your files as 'game.zip' before Friday October 23 20:59.

